>> Steve: So our goal was to then just
give a shout out like using FastDOM to
like speed up these boxes.
Before we saw we had a big problem,
we solved it by separating everything.
What wanna do is kind of go back to
our original code because, again,
the problem that we're
trying to solve here is,
yeah, if you could separate it cool,
do it, right.
But if you have one
function that's being very
responsible about doing all of
its reading and its writing.
And then you have another function and
they get called after each other,
what did you just do?
You read a bunch, you wrote a bunch, you
read a bunch, you wrote a bunch, right?
In a given function,
you could totally optimize this, but
across your application?
It's gonna happen unless
you are purposely,
unless you have some kind of
abstraction managing this.
So we'll go back to something
a little closer to our original code.
So let's get rid of this,
go ahead and put that back there.
Actually grab that line as well.
I could keep that all on
the double width as well.
I just, was easier to change it like this.
So here we can go ahead and we could say
fastdom.measure, eventually.
Give it a function to measure it.
>> Steve: And
then we could schedule a write by saying
fastdom.write, or mutate rather.
>> Steve: Cool, go ahead and do it.
See if it works.
Didn't make any mistakes
which is a welcome change.
>> Steve: We'll open it up,
go to performance.
We're going to measure it.
>> Steve: And it will stop.
And you can see like first thing
I notice is there's a little,
some little bumps there, right?
It's not that big spike.
But the animation, yeah,
we can lock up the entire thread there.
With hitting a button multiple times,
the simple fact that I am not hitting
it 60 frames per second is helpful.
But we go ahead, grab one of these here,
take a look at it.
And we are definitely not
thrashing the dom anymore.
All right, so it's a useful way to,
we have a problem we can
kind of apply the solution.
Cuz yeah, going and figuring out every
code path that your code can take and
making sure two functions
aren't doing their own thing in
isolation is going to be hard.
But we have an abstraction where we
just record all of our measurements and
then we batch all of our mutates together,
we can solve this problem fairly easily.